I'm going to show you two ways to prepare a woman's pelvis,
to rebalance a pelvis and to work on a birth axis.
It's exactly the same for the uterus or prostate,
except for one thing that men don't have, which is that men don't have to give birth.
Men don't have to carry a child.
Here you have a tubercle, called the tubercle of the third adductor.
I take the two tubercles here, and there I actually have an important axis.
I can already determine...
the space, how it's positioned, if it's too far that way, if it's like that. I put myself in the knot,
in the space, and it's the space that guides me, because I have a whole
axis here that is not
in relation to her midline. So this whole side here is slightly
sunken and too short,
so I have an imbalance here. So what I do here, I put myself in biodynamics in relation
here. And to balance that, I put myself here and I take the woman's pelvis from here.
and then the other here like this and here and there I carry the whole
pelvis but at the same time I have
the axis in front of me here and I will let in this biodynamics I take in
relation to
my central line and I take a fulcrum that is here I make a triangle I work
with a triangle the 20 a very little bit here like this and I
put myself like this a support in yeah
Not quite on the ischial tuberosities, here.
Trochanter, there, here.
When I have this awareness, I will let the pelvis itself reposition itself
in relation to the fulcrum I'm taking.
If I can't do it that way, I'll take another point.
So, I start from here.
Here, I have a tool.
Okay, there, that's my story.
You see, I can already determine.
I have the birth axis, right.
You see?
It's an important axis, okay?
It has to be free.
If I...
If I don't have that, I take the pelvis here.
I'm going to see how it positions itself, if it's working.
If I haven't corrected it yet, I go behind, on the ischium.
I go behind here, I take the ischium.
You put it down, same side here.
I put it down here, she's standing pretty straight.
And I let the whole process happen by itself.
In any case, already a good fulcrum on my hands.
And I let the body work to rebalance the small pelvis programs.
It's a technique that works.
on decongestions, on rebalancing, because if you are well centered,
the vascular system frees itself and decongestions pass by themselves.
When you have a pregnant woman, first of all, it's not always easy to put her on her back.
If people have severe back pain, sometimes it's good not to lay them down,
because when they get up, they'll mess up all your work.
I let the space and primary respiration work.
I check each time when I'm pregnant, I check the birth axis.
Are the feet free?
The axis of the axis
of birth and then I will look
here if necessary.
And then if necessary, I go behind and I let
the body rebalance itself. In fact,
it's the space around that will rebalance.
And I always recheck at the end.
I must have this feeling
that it's... There's one thing that's
really fundamental to know, is that the child
when it comes out and makes its
birth movement, it is guided
by the fascia of the pelvis.
If your pelvis is a little out of balance,
it can go off and get stuck.